
--- Page 61 ---
|
miter Vly Yours gral’ Probably just 9 +
WJ Lvek Rashes rr) Ry Fathrs caclely , Never Ave
toa Down S mooching rt up (4 Cae, Diep dcacl
Lau shia

Oaan Reet Tteip
sdaat off you set sposchag
a: her Motheins Heolras at He by bee lm :
a Boy of Canty ae SHou rs Crod the whole tno
Qow sv Ky Mout.

the Bok Rade im Br eraclay Reoseat Boat

Trek, You wri

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_000061

------------------------------

--- Page 62 ---
a Cabb,s Dag h ter.
Tele would call the hovge Rabbi.g Wiek
& Soy duis ae

I would Bem har uf Yo youR Mothees hovse
4 Moke here teke hee top NL Sy wl Could Youcl

nur boobs

hcp t Lt to KS

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_000062

------------------------------

--- Page 63 ---
JOHNNY BOY KAFKA

5917 GLENDORA AVE.

DALLAS, TEXAS 75230
214 987 3595

January 15, 2003
Dallas, Texas

Dearest Jeff:

Fifty years old. You really have had a pretty amazing life. Amazing because of where and when it started.
Paula and Seymour fucking. Who was there to tell him where to stick it? Who told him to spit on her cunt
to make it wet? Maybe they had more on the ball then we all give them credit for.

Anyway from that night back in May of 1953, as they lay there intoxicated from their lovemaking, little did
they know what they would be bringing into the world early the next year. Lets fast forward to you. I
remember summers when Warren would always work some shit ass job (Nathan’s) for minimum wage, I
would always find something (Male Ego in Brighten Beach) and Frog would too (Cabana Boy). But you,
Jeff would never work. Yes, you were special. You did things like music camps in Michigan, etc. Which
brings me to when you lost your virginity. You may not remember, but I was under the same roof that
could new years eve in °66 or ’67 (not sure). The first time | ever flew was with you. I went with you to
Michigan to visit your friend |. the Interlochen girl for new years eve. It was also the first time 1 bad
ever laid eyes on a bright, attractive, bubbly, blue eyed, mid western female. She was like an alien to me.
She wasn’t Jewish or Italian. Wasn’t she your first? My first was up in Monticello, where I spent part of
the summer with Lloyd and Andy working at Playland Arcade in Monticello. It was Lloyd’s girlfriend.
Anyway, back to the Michigan trip, because it was significant. Jeff, you took me with you. It was my first
time out of Brooklyn. It was no big deal, but we went. And nobody clse ever WENT anywhere back when.
and where we came from.

And then on to Europe. The second time | ever flew. Sabena Airlines to Brussels. Wasn’t it $800 RT. In
Europe, | really saw a true transformation in you. You lost all of your chubbiness and | remember noticing
that you grew a few inches. We both got absolutely skinny in those weeks abroad. I will always remember
how you were constantly working the train schedules — riding by night so would have a free place to sleep
and arriving to our destinations in the morning ready to hit the sites. We'd drink in all that the cities had to
offer on a budget of $2 a day. Author Frommer’s EUROPE ON $5 A DAY was for suckers. We did it
cheaper, deeper, wider and better. We saw and learned so much on that memorable trip. We hitch hiked,
we biked, we trained, we ferried, we walked, we ran, we always somehow managed to gel where we
wanted to go and sce what we wanted to see. We slept on trains, boats, beaches, abandoned houses, flop
houses, people’s homes, friend’s apts. Everywhere but hotels and hostels. We were too savvy to stay in a
youth hostel — weren’t we? Hell, I can’t even remember us having a sit down meal on that trip. We
couldn’t care less about food. But we did enjoy all that cheese and bread and train station soup.
Remember our first night in Europe. It probably was our worst. But, we did steal two heavy, itchy
blankets from that youth hostel. It was freezing and wet. But things went way up from there. Especially
the time Thad a wet dream sleeping in my seat on the ferry from Brendizi (or Bari?) to Corfu. Did I share
that with you? Remember the Corfu police detained me on arrival to the Island? We had some scary
moments. That’s what made it such a great experience. We stayed on Corfu for 2 weeks or so. Never got
to London because of that. Corfu was great on the budget and I remember it being great sleeping on the
beach with kids from all over the world — Matt on °° and those two girls from Cleveland.

That wip to Europe could get more space but the main point is that it really opened your eyes to another

world. And mine too. But you Jeff seized il, I did too in a sense. But you spent the next summer in
London and came home with a beautiful British babe named IBY You had such chuzpah to

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_000063

------------------------------

--- Page 64 ---
bring her to your beautiful, civilized, impressive home on Maple Ave. Think back on that now. That
shows a lot. it really does. You didn’t give a shit about what she thought. And she couldn’t have been too
impressed. You were seriously easy going ~- never up tight. Never worried, always confident. That aspect
of your personality, of course coupled with your brilliance and intellect is what made you who and what
you are today. That don’t give a shit attitude, your calculated aloofness, your sense of humor and most
importantly that_ confidence came to you carly on. You had to have confidence and an I don’t give a shit
attitude to bringliiflinto your Sea Gate world. It worked! You began to realize that you could get away
with shit! That chicks and people in general were schmucks! You sensed that you were sharper and more
astute than most.

Especially the ones who had women, money, position and power. Yes, your charisma and persuasive ways
came very early on. And you didn’t learn life’s lessons in your house. You learned them from us (me,
frog, WE) from Europe, Interlochen, our trips to the city and all the people you met along the way. Maybe
you picked up a litUe from Timmy, too. Remember meeting Phillie? He’s 16. He said he'll always
remember how you said that Timmy taught you a lot about business, I know you enhanced that a bit, but
that was a great thing to say to a kid., and Pll never forget it either. Warren and Phillie are crazy about
each other and the kid is obviously enamoured by you and loved meeting you. It meant a lot to him and
me. He’s really a great kid — has that easy going, confident manner, Good looking kid.

So now you're fifty. No sweat Jeff. You look great, you’re probably in the best shape of your life and
you’re not slowing down one bit. [fno one told you how old you were - wouldn’t you think you were 36
or something? Just don’t get bored and stay healthy.

And then there’s Warren. He’s as hilarious as ever and exactly the same as he was 35 yrs. ago with his
trench coat and his business man’s boots BACK THEN! We see each other pretty often. When can
Warren and I get together w/ you for at Ieast an evening and just get Warren started, you know the way we
used to, Maybe we need to include Zucca as a prop for Warren.

If you look at our little group of you , Warren, Frog and me, We were very close, although we never said
or knew it back then. We didn’t have girlfriends, we never even dated. We didn’t look to our families
really for anything, we had cach other. That was through high school. Then when we went to college we
were still close but we each began go branch out from the group. We had great times and I’m convinced —
and | know this as fact: You guys made me what I became today and there’s not a day that goes by that I
don’t think about you. So Jeff, even though we don’t speak that often, and our lives don’t intersect, you
really are a part of me and ! will always be grateful for the great times we had. You bave been and still are
a great influence for me, You don’t know it, but you're my kid’s role model. That’s why it’s so satisfying
to recall the past with you. It has shaped both of us. When Warren and | get together, who and what do
you think we talk about? You, You, You, You, its constant - Tcan’t stand it anymore.

‘That’s it for now. I know I got a bit sentimental, but it’s the occasion. Take good care. I'll always have
the fondest memories of our past and I can honestly say they were the best years of my life - even though I
couldn’t ever get laid.

Eternally and with love,

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_000064

------------------------------

--- Page 65 ---
Dew Jel fan We
Le suppsel ty ute somithog fusrg — ll
ft Coen! Poke f sudtass le eprsode. but salto waite VY eeaes
4 grea fens, Sea Corte, oo i \elewol, Min (ic. Cosme 138
Lakagelte RS. = er Frips te Gresorunch. Vilage
Sneaking act) the Ctl Ent, drvving bray, cabs,
Mas! Kornsns city Wenring my gray ric guhgve
JOH Comer Uncle. hmntey" aque we) ew “hbacme
books from Tee Bool slore oem 6 due + ee gs
(rent te Preps’ — “ flome oF re Edu calech Urea mb veg ert
Slotves aboot chrome UT ts prastatt wanss a7e- org tg"

|
(ce SKATING a Prospec¥ pre! with Teetey Ry Ler ey |
wikK somes on gue beak so we cold  s knbe

dueuny "Lnples onal! wasste j Cale Cogs on confer ice

2
Oke rich me midta oF he py WO wily

ay)
Greve,” Coord 9 Ses Lev GSi ep plrgs Back!) farGe, Seymoe’
Reagy) “chowmer Gresnling" | Hrrtel Stal, Mayle. Avene
getteny Togpek in Warren! Cold VW beetle

Ie "Shed House" t bey SeChvs wih hye shrpes,
Gscin urileawene, wo yedeeueer, Tr Show Theater j

Te tobe - Hula  Luncheonette, Carolia s, Be Kinch
(w the Seed Fur Reae gliee) Coo Uywty your see
pivce-) ) Ceoper 7

to TL (Via Pople lffime, 27 ) Per Ryu Aecordrae!
Ce Te Camo Lab o® Tre Bombe “Bee, Br

Beawh Batts’ —T Wrayee , Me + now you

FO yous ofc | wot | Happy “bicthclay ~ Bat ,wishee

Lore op LAY Michawl

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_000065

allery sceoor; Heeb Alpedm rome Ihe


------------------------------

--- Page 66 ---
SS

Bouquets and Brickbats of

CLASS 9SP3

SCOTT EKRLICH is good in math. Fame will one day cross his path.

WARREN EISENSTEIN-—'! didn’t do it!” is his alibi, “It was me that
talked. It wasn’t 1.”

STEPHEN GARONE—In art he paints. In English he faints.

HOWARD GLANTZMAN—He's the noise in back of the room, talking
from September to June.

PAUL KAMINSKY—Paul is 2 genius but never shows it; we wonder
if he really knows it.

CAREY KOPLOWITZ—There are happy people;there are sad people;
‘there are good people; there are bad people; then there's
Carey.

MARK LIPTON—Our captain brave and strong. How come he always
leads us wrong?

JOEL MANDELMAN-—At home, he says he often strains. Why, then,
at home leaves he his brains?

ELLIOT RAINES—Ask about baseball, he'll answer quickly, Ask
‘about science, he'll answer thickly.

STEPHEN SCHWARTZ—Chubby and jolly, a great guy, by golly!

BETTY BRODSKY—Never remembers, always forgets; she'll lose
anything she didn’t lose yet.

SHARON BROYDE—Sharon’s motto will be forever “It’s always
better late—than never.”

CHERYL GREENSPAN—If you need someone to brighten your way,
Cheryl will do it by Jaughing all day.

ELLEN Karz—Eilen is long and lanky. She studies with no hanky-
panky.

DEBRA NESSEL—Debbie is full of joy. Only when she's with a boy.

GALE REIF-—Gale will be a secretary and you may as well clap,
for she'll wind up sitting on her boss's lap.

ENID ROSEMAN—They don’t come sweeter. No one can beat’er.

AUDREY ROTH—There are geese in flocks and cattle in herds, There
is Audrey, who talks in great big words,

BARBARA SCHWARTZ—Shy and gentle, nice and sweet. The kind
of girl we like to meet.

MERRIL SINGER—There are as many freckles on her face as there
are holes in Chantilly lace.

SANDRA STEIGMAN—For Sandra there is no excuse, some day she'll
learn the truth about Zeus.

MELODY STERN—Melody is always the center of attraction; without
her around there'd never be action.

KATHLEEN SUTER—-Rumpelstiliskin never spun a gold as lovely as
this one.

JUDITH TLUMAK—Shy and quiet in her seat, doesn’t Judy look
just sweet!

MRS. SCHARFSTEIN—A litile laugh, a little cheer, a lot of work—
Mrs. Scharfstein’s here!

CLASS 8-SPE

Richard Girard
Howard Richman
Jill. Notowitz
Barbara Laufer
Joanne Morano
Debbie Tiktinsky
Robin Mazer

Susan Jacobs

Janie Simpson

Debra Sonnenblick
Roger E. Schecter
Iris Hershenson

Allen Jeffrey Sheinman
Leonard Klein

Lena Troisi Robert Rosenbaum
Mr. D. Gittler Gary Onik

Sydell Suss Bernard Markowitz
Lyna Erdy Juanita Ellen Stokes
lan Cohen William Clements
Amo!d Hom Janine Luby

Lee Barsky Howard Tobak

Mark Schumer Brautte Belinsky

Adieu, Adios, Auf Wiedersehen . . «

Till we meet again—

Farewell, Mark Twain.

Class 9-7

Come out of your coma
And get a diplome—
Like we did...

Class 9-12

and MR. PATASHNA

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_000066

------------------------------

--- Page 67 ---
HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_000067

------------------------------

--- Page 68 ---
food
o
So
So
So
o
Es
9
H
oe
>
[e}
Ww
Oo
|
[e)
=


------------------------------

--- Page 69 ---
——————————_ |,

BOARD OF EDUCATION OF THE CITY OF NEW yoRIC

JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL)

ponoucHt OF ecole

REPORT TO PARENTS

Sie i

Gi “Fei team Ne.

Fae wok of the shoal Is plannel 10 ds
FBider"sod.inerens. Cooperation berwes
fogour chikt's succes. Th

have send this rep00t ent

Send too
hooks ome

aph tenguelien
Lae ewe }

Fig Reporte come fy fi PAGE Be

have send this sep0et mn

Fourth Report Teachers Comma

fave read this FepOHt nn .
iiacad Signaswee

Zn. wicn scHoot barb, 1900

NEW OFFICIAL CLA

“TRANSFERRED O°

seyret Soe

raat ae ee

suBpECTS
[72 too
Fo eo
(ee
(102
| toe
soe
100
| «oo
coo
— aa! I |
ealng ond Arihmeric Grades are the route of Se |
INDUSTRIAL ARTS AND HOME ECONOMICS |
PERSONAL ADJUSTMENT |
oma ay z =f eo
Effort DAW Te a a °
Response _— ae le
‘Seltcontrol® ¥ a Ww o
iad a i a= he
— = =f an
Digs Aa ~
Days Late ea OE
Toning in perce ia mules of 3, excep in single nits in rade 9: 90 = Ouro
a eee Comideable Abliey; 70 — Avene Paw Avcase
Passing, Below 63 = Li svcd ith 29
Tproveme
mre
ischarged for Ober Reson.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_000069

------------------------------

--- Page 70 ---
1: Susan Samuolson, Beth, Tischer, rate Genova, Mark
Ellen Culang.

nce Weinberg, Alan ten
edt aura al

tolar, dam:
alticlg, Becker, Joyce ‘Andrea Wayneck, Marilyn

(einer, Valerie Chia
Kleiner: nis” Kaplan, Joseph Fallacaro, Jeffrey Meyer,

David Pe
Camera Shy: Audrey + Finkle

Class 9-4
ed, Steven, Rice, Michelle Ed-

Row 1: Susen Ratafia, Marsha Rapaport, Melody, Yat
wards, Dominick De abo. Yotta Pi fosine Orenbuch, Christine Klezmer.

indy Cohen, Margaret Weinstein, iwoine" Barreto, Larry Epsteln, MF. Segar-

vate Paragcandolo, Jeanette Vi

Nelson, Joyce Shushan, Fern hole’ Gal

Steele, Susan, Schaj aly Kanner,

‘raymond’ Rupelli, Jerry Miller, Alexander

Trane ‘Vardalas, Agnes De Paola.

Audrey Man-

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_000070

------------------------------
